example: using the ec_provider in conjunction with the aws provider (#165)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: examples/deployment_ec2_instance/README.md

# Deployment with an EC2 Instance example

> This example code shows how easy it is to build an application's infrastrucute using ec2 instances and an Elastic Cloud deployment communicating securly using traffic filters

Reviewer: From a conversation with cloud writers I remember something was said about avoiding using terms like "easy" or "simple". Could you confirm @alaudazzi @nrichers ?

Reviewer 2: @karencfv These two terms are not contemplated in the new [Writing style guide](https://brand.elastic.co/302f66895/p/194a3b-writing-style-guide). I would just reword the sentence like this:

> This example code shows how to build an application's infrastructure using ec2 instances ....

> This example code shows how easy it is to build an application's infrastrucute using ec2 instances and an Elastic Cloud deployment communicating securly using traffic filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example code shows how easy it is to build an application's infrastructure using ec2 instances and an Elastic Cloud deployment, while communicating securely using traffic filters.
```

The code creates an ec2 instance in your default vpc & subnet, but uses the instance's public IP address to configure a traffic filter connecting it back to the Elastic Cloud deployment.

> Such communication can also be done through this terraform provider using an AWS Private link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such communication can also be done through this Terraform provider using AWS PrivateLink.
```

> ## Running the example
> Build the provider using `make install` from the main folder
> run `terrafrom init` to initialize your terraform cli
> modify the `variables.tf` file to contain your aws profile and elastic cloud key.
> run `terraform apply` to see it work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Running the example
To run the example, follow these steps:
1. Build the provider by running `make install` from the main folder.
2. Run `terrafrom init` to initialize your Terraform CLI.
3. Modify the `variables.tf` file to add your AWS profile and Elastic cloud key.
4. Run `terraform apply` to check if it works.
```
